[#4] Fix: Some typos identified and could be fixed (#5)
nimblehq/github-actions-workflows: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/chore_template.md

---
name: "Chore"
about: "Open a chore issue for a minor update."
title: "Update "
labels: "type : chore"
---

## Why

> Describe the update details and why it's needed.

Reviewer: Should we change to
```suggestion
Describe the update in detail and why it is needed.
```

the same as you did in https://github.com/nimblehq/git-template/pull/20/files#diff-2c69b215001999ab79729762d7a6f0567d9dc71323961a98641c57be26bbb42fR10

Author: d880b24 ✅
